in the midst of our busy lives
the natural world can offer us a place
of tranquility
and rest
some time out to slow down
and replenish
allowing our body and mind to unwind
sometimes the moment of rest will just
find us
but at other times we must make a
conscious effort
to experience more being less doing
rest is part of our natural cycle
in slowing down we let go of the past
and make way for the new
in better understanding the passive and
active nature of rest
we can more easily approach life with
calm
clarity and ease
in creating this time and space for rest
we can live life feeling refreshed
re-energized
and renewed
[Music]
[Applause]
you